hey here at Alfea yours calm this video
is going to show you what is available
for the brand new iphone 5 lots of us
waited in line this morning that for am
at the apple store got the new iphone 5
someone let's pre order them some
smarter people here an outfit yours but
anyway here are the accessories as you
can see there are not very many but i
will just tell you now if you subscribe
to our channel right as we get the cases
in we immediately the day of do videos
so if you're in the youtube subscribe to
our channel right is like say in case
comes out with the slider for the five
they've obviously announced it the
brands are all kind of announcing them
right now but as far as producing them
they're not out yet to buy so once
they're available to buy will be doing a
video day of so you may want to
subscribe anyway what we have so far we
do have some item five cases these are
cheaper type cases the rooms retail for
995 this is just what we've called our
get you by case and it's just kind of a
no-name brand this retails for 995 and
pretty much what this case is going to
do it's going to protect your iphone 5
so there you go to throw that on it's
going to protect it it's not the best
case out there which is why they're
cheaper obviously but if you do buy this
case from outfit yours calm it comes to
the five dollar coupon for any iphone 5
case that's coming out so you know if
you wait for the incase slider or the
speck candyshell the mophie juice pack
plus this order this and it will come
with a five dollar coupon so these
retail for 995 so that's going to save
you some money and you know we got these
cases because we want to protect our new
iphone so this is what we're using now
while we wait for the really good cases
that are coming going to come out not as
good quality but they're definitely
going to protect your iphone 5 so that's
something to look at it's just to get
you buy iphone 5 case we have green blue
and black the black is a two piece and
it's a little bit of a harder rubber and
more solid but either way they're all
going to protect it also what we have
this is the zagg invisible shield
probably the best screen protector out
there we have some other moshi is right
up there too as far as screen protectors
they're not out yet we really like the
mo she wants Griffin some other ones we
carry them all anyway this is the zagg
invisible shields got kind of gambled
with the specs on the new iphone 5 and
it turned out to work worked great they
even have the photo of the iphone 5
there on the front but this is just for
now it's just the screen protector and
you can get that out I'm not going to
get it out and show you we do have
reviews on those so if you want to check
it out you can but anyway that just
comes across the front of the iphone 5
and so it's going to give you some good
protection but anyway these are the
accessories so far on the release date
of the iphone 5 going to be expecting a
lot probably first week of october but
if anything happens before then we'll
definitely be posting a video and as
soon as they're out our videos will be
up on youtube so check those out order
any of these from out for yours calm we
have free shipping that's guaranteed to
arrive in two to four days it's faster
than any of our competitors so if you're
going to rush to get a case on your
phone order from us because you'll
definitely get it fast and it's free so
I check them out on out for yours calm